## 4.3.6.2 AM Draw

* 1. <u>SERUM</u>

   After centrifugation, 1.0 mL of the serum is pipetted into cryovials # 1- 4.  Tube # 1 is a clear-capped 4.0 mL cryovial and tubes # 2- 4 are red-capped 1.5 mL cryovials.   

* 2. <u>CITRATE</u>

   After centrifugation, 0.5 mL of plasma is pipetted into cryovials #  5 - 8 (see Aliquoting Scheme Chart).  These will be blue-capped cryovials.  The packed cells remaining in the tube can be added to tube # 17.  Tube # 17 is a red-capped 10.0 mL tube.
	
* 3. <u>EDTA</u>

   After centrifugation, 1.0 mL plasma will be pipetted into cryovials # 9 - 12 as specified in the Aliquoting Scheme Chart.  These will be purple-capped cryovials. The packed cells remaining in the tube are added to tube # 17.  

* 4. <u?SCAT-1</u>

   After centrifugation, plasma will be pipetted into cryovials # 13 - 16 (see Aliquoting Scheme Chart).  These will be yellow-capped cryovials.  The packed cells remaining in the tube are added to tube # 17.

* 5. <u>CPT</u>

   See appendix for processing.  Plasma will be pipetted into green-capped cryovials # 18 – 19. Cells will be pipetted into clear-capped cryovials # 20 - 21.	

* 6. <u>Packed Cells</u>

   The packed cell tube # 17 is a red-capped cryovial that will be frozen and shipped to the LCBR for storage.  Although the tube holds 10 mL, only 9 mL of material can be added to the tube due to expansion during freezing.  The cells from the EDTA and SCAT-1 tubes should be added to tube # 17 first and, if there is sufficient space, cells from the citrate tube can also be added for a total volume of 9 mL.  
	
Once the samples are aliquoted, the EDTA, Citrate and SCAT-1 blood collection tubes can be discarded in the biohazard waste (puncture-proof containers).  


<div class="center">
<div class="btn-group">
  <a href=":pages_path:/manuals/blood-collection-processing/4-03-06-01-am-aliquoting-scheme.md" class="btn btn-default">
    <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-left"></span>
    4.3.6.1 AM Aliquoting Scheme
  </a>

  <a href=":pages_path:/manuals/blood-collection-processing" class="btn btn-default">
    <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-up"></span>
    Blood Collection and Processing
  </a>

  <a href=":pages_path:/manuals/blood-collection-processing/4-03-07-centrifugation-serum.mdd" class="btn btn-success">
    4.3.7 Centrifugation - Serum
    <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-right"></span>
  </a>
</div>
</div>